Transferring Files with Netcat
Netcat can also be used to transfer files,
both text and binary,
from one computer to another.
To send a file from our Kali machine
to the Windows system,
we’ll use another client-server setup
similar to the previous chat example,
with some minor differences.
On the Windows machine, we’ll run
a Netcat listener on port 4444
and redirect any output into a
file called incoming.exe
On our Kali system, we’ll push the
wget.exe file to the Windows machine
through TCP port 4444.
Notice that we are redirecting
wget.exe into the Netcat connection.
After hitting enter, the connection is
received by Netcat on the Windows machine.
Notice that we have not
received any feedback from
Netcat about our file upload progress.
This is completely normal and
means we need to make a best guess
and give the file enough
time to be transferred.
In this case, since the file we're
uploading is small,
we can just wait a few seconds,
then check whether the file has been
fully uploaded to the Windows machine
by attempting to run it.
We can see that this is, in fact,
the wget.exe executable
which means the file
transfer was successful.